---
title: time
subtitle: plastic magnifying glasses & paper kaleidescopes
---

## time for time

i hyperfixate on time.
the viscous passage of time.
the stagnancy of time.
how fleeting time can be.
there's never enough, but also, too much.

it consumes itself, refracts on itself.
how can i focus it, place myself deliberately within its swift currents?


## musings

why is it so difficult for me to accomplish things.
what do i even mean by accomplishments?
when there are chores, ideas, outings, practices,
i procrastinate.
i can't let go.
i can't relax.
my room reflects the tides of my mind.

my mind is the moon,
my room the ocean.

my mind is an ocean.

in ecologically healthy oceans,
an abundance of creatures swim and float through the shimmering shallows.
birds fly above, only to rest on the surface,
occasionaly diving below to hunt or play.
light mixes into aquamarines and turquoises.
mammoths glide through these shoals feeding on microscopic organisms.
where the light fades life does not;
animals rely less on sight and accordingly adapt with their remaining senses.
even in the deepest trenches,
life remains.

my mind isn't hospitable.
not enough oxygen.
too acidic.
laden with waste and plastic.
a dead ocean.
a still ocean.
ambient ocean.

life remains - life continues to exist, to adapt, to challenge; the remains of life.

still light - quiet and motionless, muted, dim, bright, harsh, piercing, static; it's still light out.

## reflection

as i'm writing this,
my neck bends beneath the ~~significance~~ weight of a coarse, white towel.
did i drink enough water today?
did i drink any?

just write.
don't overthink.
don't criticize too much (it's nearly impossible, but acknowledge and resist, keep going).
don't editorialize.
just write.

## typewriters and the yearning for the tangible

i wrote this post in notepad.
usually i write in vscodium on linux so i can rebuild and see the changes locally.
today i was playing around with online typewriters.
i used to have a french-layout typewriter, but i'm not too sure what happened to it.
i think i lost it during a move or during a relationship change.
but that's okay.
they are expensive.
but some aren't. 
maybe it's worth saving $50 to $100 for a working, used typewriter.
not admonishing the digital; but moderating its use with the physical.
pencil, pen, print.

in my (very) limited searching,
i found that simulated / online writing applications fall into a few categories
(and of course there are more, categorization is somewhat arbitrary anyways):
removing distractions, organization, synchronization, and simulation (of analog media).
in the interconnected era, media feels simultaneous, fractured, concurrent, overwhelming, demanding, commodified
(and none of these descriptions apply always to <em>all</em> media).

the yearning for the tangible is not denying the relevancy and impact of digital media;
instead, i think it's a primal necessity. 

## death

what is death?

death by a thousand cuts.

death of a loved one.

death of an idea. 

death of a medium/genre/culture.

death of a digital self.

death of the self.

death as in mortality.

death of motivation.

death of curiosity.

death of a mannerism.
