---
title: keep trying
subtitle: un de ces jours, je me sentirai renaître
---

it's been a while.

some updates since i last posted here: i got covid, i played in some shows, got a promotion at work, been reconnecting and trying to hang out in person with my friends more, cleaned my room. i'll probably write about these more soon.

most of - no - all of this writing is for me.
it's not to impress <em>others</em>.
it's not even to impress <em>me</em>.
whatever nebulous goal i initially came up with is long gone.
maybe not completely <em>gone</em>, but changed.

change.

recently (over the past two months - i tend to take time to do most things)
i've been reading Octavia E. Butler's <cite>Parable of the Sower</cite>.
though i haven't entirely finished it yet (i think i have about 20 pages left),
one of the fundamental perspectives it offers is the idea that god is change, change is god.
Lauren Olamina writes and constantly adapts and modifies her values system through journaling,
ultimately compling her writins and beliefs into <i>Earthseed</i>.

<blockquote cite='https://www.goodreads.com/quotes/8445142-why-is-the-universe-to-shape-god-why-is-god'>
  <p>Why is the universe? To shape God.</p>
  <p>Why is God? To shape the Universe.</p>
  <p>I can’t get rid of it. I’ve tried to change it or dump it, but I can’t. I cannot. It feels like the truest thing I’ve ever written. It’s as mysterious and as obvious as any other explanation of God or the universe that I’ve ever read, except that to me the others feel inadequate, at best.</p>
  <footer>
    ― Octavia E. Butler, <cite>The Parable of the Sower</cite>
  </footer>
</blockquote>
 
without change, we cannot grow.
maybe i'm being ambiguous with the meaning of the word <em>change</em>.
change is constant, ever-present, and this refers more to change as both concept and almost ideology.
change is the march of time.

i think i'm intepreting <em>change</em> more as the self-referential change: our wills, our actions, our thoughts, each moment we exist in.
Lauren wrestles with these different interpretations in her <i>Earthseed</i> beliefs,
all her tenets she extrapolates from her truth that "god is change and change is god."
And she recognizes that we can't change <em>everything</em>, but we can and must craft the change available to us.

i'm often caught in ambivalence, apathy, stagnancy.
despite whatever names and faces i give these feelings, i never enjoy sitting with them.
these guests visit most days of the week,
crowding the dinner table with their musings, how can i interrupt?
can they even hear me?

---

a couple posts ago, i had wanted to do a few things:

- homemade cold brew coffee
- camera obscura cardboard box, taking photos and videos with phone through viewport
- soak more beans!
- organize & play in more diy / benefit shows (second home, woodland theatre) _(probably not feasible within a few days)_
- diy stickers with vinyl sticker paper, printer
  - donate direct to causes
  - color-code simple text-based sticker with chromatic abberation in colors for cause

now, in the guise of self-improvement (and with a significant shadow of self-criticism), let's see what i did:

- ✘ homemade cold brew coffee
- ✘ camera obsucra coardboard box
- ✔ soak more beans
- ✘ organize & play in more diy / benefit shows
- ✘ diy stickers

with a truly objective point-of-view, i could move on. accomplishment and failure happen. intellectually i know this.
however, it is so easy for me to stick to the failure, minimize any sense of success i have.

like being stuck to a fluorescent-yellow fly trap.

i don't want to be so harsh of myself. i think self-criticism can be good, i'll call it introspection and self-reflection.
so, let's reframe this in the spirit of self-kindess:

- although i didn't make myself homemade cold brew, i did try cold brew again and remember how much i enjoy it. i can use this as motiviation. not as commitment or obligation, but something fun and rewarding.
- i didn't make a camera obsucra coardboard box. that's ok ♥
- i have done a couple of dry bean soaks!
- i can't say i've organized any diy / benefit shows; however, i have played in a diy show a couple weeks ago, and i'm playing in a house show next week!
- my attempts at diy stickers went alright - had to fix the printer i got for free and get some sticker paper, and i ended up printing on the wrong side lol. that's okay!

it's okay. look at myself like <em>someone</em>, not a burden. i can't be my own bully.
why is it that so many of us struggle to show ourselves empathy, when we can share and give it to others not only freely, but compassionately with our entire selves?

---

~~sidenote: how do i add a horizontal rule without breaking the 11ty renderer? it seems like when i add it (either with three asterisks or hyphens), the footer rendering doesn't work.~~

make sure to check tags! there was an unclosed `<em>` tag, which somehow made the horizontal rules break the page rendering.
