---
title: nightshade
subtitle: what's the subtext
---

<style>
  main {
    background: url("https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/cb/Solanum_jasminoides_Curtis_33.jpg") repeat;
  }
  article {
    backdrop-filter: brightness(130%);
    backdrop-filter: saturate(10%);
  }
  article > p {
    background-color: #ffffcc77;
    background-color: #fcedcd77;
    background-color: #ff6666;
    background-color: #fd644fcc;
    /*
    background-color: #222222;
    color: white;
    /*
  }
  article a {
    color: #fd644f;
  }
</style>

today i awoke dejected.
exhaused.
listless and motionless.

last night a good friend of mine invited me out to a local beer place.
it both sells a variety of beer, wine, and spirits,
and also hosts like thirty or so taps.
i was so happy she let me know she was going there;
sometimes even when i have 8am work the next morning,
it's more than worth it to spend some late night hours with someone i consider to be an amazing friend.

despite that, i could feel the creeping sadness slowly surfacing through the silt, welling into my eyes, the soil.
so familiar is this pattern that i sometimes like to give it an image or metaphor, a comfort or assurance that surrounds it.
it's like a beautiful potato vine (<i>solanum laxum</i>),
delicate white five-tipped flowers adorn the meandering stalks;
yet it is toxic when ingested.
some people even advise wearing gloves when handling it.
where are my gloves? what even are my gloves for handling this deep-rooted sadness?

what does <i>solanum laxum</i> mean?

<dfn>solanum</dfn> in the botanical classification refers to nightshades.
the latin etymology of <dfn>solanum</dfn> [according to wiktionary](https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/solanum) arises from
"sun", or "to comfort, soothe."

<dfn>laxum</dfn> is the nominative neuter singular declension of <i>laxus</i>.
<dfn>laxus</dfn> [according to wiktionary](https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/laxus#Latin) means
"wide, spacious, roomy"; "yielding"; or "loose, slack, free."

that's kind of a profound name behind a pretty, yet poisonous, plant.

---

i wonder how many people can't admit to their own fears, insecurites, and desires.
i certainly can't. admission is acceptance, realization, invigoration.
not sure why this popped into my mind.

---

overwhelmed with my descending into sadness the night before when i got home,
i couldn't bear look at my face, my hair was a mess.
i decided to wear a beanie, put in an earring with a beaded tassel, and i was amazed how much my mood improved.
i could do it.
i can do this.
even when i'm entirely against myself.
i'm with myself.
with the momentum.
with the silence.
