---
title: unimpressed depression a lesson
subtitle: exagerrated turmoil
---

being from san diego, call me little miss sunshine.
it's only appropriate that i carry such a bright and mild temperament wherever i shine.

i'm not. maybe the solace i sought in the rare thunderstorms there tempered my seething angst and sadness.
anytime it rained i _was_ present for it.
box fans rattling in the twilight air, breathing the mildly biting pacific air through worn off-white curtains.
i love standing in front of an open window at night immediately after showering; nothing is better, not even smoking in the winter.
heaven is that feeling.

i'm basking in the adrenaline and dopamine-sadness after the shows i've played recently.
somersaulting back on the virtual green on the 17th; reconnecting with childhood imprinted memories playing nirvana covers on the 20th.
motivating isn't the most accurate adjective. maybe it's more soothing, comforting, satisfying.
i can hone in on shows like moths to the fire; it's so dark and frigid, and the illusion of warmth and brightness evokes some little spark of encouragment and optimism in me.
but the flames burn loudly; too get to close or even immerse yourself in it is is to feel absolutley alive.
and the next day, the void that remains is fully empty and deafening.

my friend <fren>b</fren> invited me to her songwriters' showcase she coordinates once-a-month, and i'm so glad i decided to go!
a lot of the time i find it too easy to stay home after working, retail and physical work is exhausting.
i ran into <fren>r</fren> and <fren>r</fren> and i haven't seen them for a month or more.
it was nice cactching up - talking about where they are at currently, with work, with travel, with music projects.
when they left i got the best hugs, and they have <fren>b</fren> and i friend kisses which make me feel cared for and loved.

it's so cliché, but the show must go on, despite myself, in spite of myself.
it's bigger than myself and exists outside myself.
