---
title: ok i forget split the difference
subtitle: mashed potatoes and ketchup
---

## catch up don't wait leave behind unwind dump garbage heap rot

i'm terrible at consistency here's a few lost and founds. relapse 

### 29 july 2025

bring a band or we will make one for you
bring a hand or we will make one for you
burn a hand or we will make one for you

misread
unwritten
subtext
illegible


one of my favorite means of writing or listening is through
misheard and misread meanings.
i construct new emotions feelings conveyed by a mistranslation -
maybe the text is difficult to read,
maybe the lyrics swell and blend into each other,
maybe i'm just tired.
but these "errors" (i'd rather not label them as such)
blossom into novel feelings.

what is the etymology of novel (adj.) and novelty (n.)?
their connotations (and even their dictionary definitions)
stray apart in an interesting way.
one being associated with positivity and creativity,
the other with toys and commodities.

tureen
found in "This is the front of the house" zine
: vessel from which soup is served, often porcelain with delicate art painted on

terrene
found in search as "similar sounding" to tureen
: of the earth or material world (as opposed to marine or heavenly)

terrene biology
divine biology

ornament -> Latin ornare (inflection of orno) : i equip, adorn
glass and lead ornaments adorn a fir tree

musical ornaments: mordents, trills, etc.
musical rests: fermata, etc.



---

"There are places we can never remember,
and places we can never forget."
- This is the front of the house, Joseph Carlough (DisplacedSnail.com)

thrust into being
what is my first memory?
an eternal, omnipresent moment

dim light casts amber hues onto the bedroom walls
do my recollections further cast a sepia glow onto these memories
i'm awoken - i'm not sure by what or who(m), but it's my 3rd or 4th birthday.
1994/1995
without any semblance of continuity i'm in the kitchen,
surrounded by aunts (and assuming uncles, cousins, parents, etc.)
but i only remember the lucid presence of my aunt mary jo,
holding a cake with candles,
her countenance illuminated with that soft spotlight of the celebratory flames,
the room fading into a hazy vignette,
smiling, wishing me a happy birthday.

now i know this cannot be my first memory
the first place i remember living is the qunice st apartment;
however, this moment took place in the second place i lived, the herman ave house.

why is it that i hold the belief of this being my first memory?
is it misplaced?
is it a dream?
is it real?

### 05 january 2025 - part i

inscribe thoughts into skin
indelible whims and permanent sins

my room is a time capsule
it exists out of time
can't clean
can't declutter
i mutter and sulk
i'm stuck on repeat
trapped in a loop
where to begin where to start where to end

charms

pregnant with disappointment

### 05 january 2025 -- part ii

where do i live

i don't live in █████
or the █████
i don't live in the rain that coats roofs, hands 
does the top of the hand, opposite palm, have a name?
hand's attic? hand's roof? the tiles, shingles, forgotten chambers?

i don't live in the sun, █████, childhood
wading on the shimmering shores gilded with giddiness and anti-anhedonia
hedonic, hedonism, hedonistic
all the same tree
rooted togther
but their connotations branch and stray
like weeds and bugs and birds who creep
through fields and rows of misplaced memory
like stars and lights that strike the night
or turned-out lungs that scrape the air

i don't live in the past
the places outside myself that haunt me from within
echoing, reverberating, resonating in somber somnolence
under the penumbra of a clamoring canopy my mind the keeper of time

i don't live in the future
the suppositions, pre and post
these creatures cry and scream and vie 
for my ever-conscious present my presence
i indebt them my time and sedate my will
my sense of self my state of mind
they attend the wake of my am and be
then buy and claim and auction my attention
but never satiate their demands for me

where don't i live

i live in the scars
the marks the lines
they mar the coast of body and mind
ship and vessel unbrave the storm
water roars and leaps and weighs down on clothes

these clothes on bone 
these clothes on bone
these clothes on bone
corrode the rust
that spills and leaks the creaking gloam
shadow spills from the wound
from a psyche split in two
blood from a stone
blood from a stone
blood from a stone

i've met my wits
they hiss and hiss
list and list the lists of lists

and when i die i like to think
the lark who feasts on flesh and blood
returns to nest
to feed the young

-

somewhere there's a man who collects seashells to adorn 
self-ordained saint
dedicated shrine
